and I still want to talk about your
flag let's see the flag that
you have and I will warn you that there is no ounce or
it is not an elephant a fiat 600
does not enter innocent does not enter is simple or
be not in a bottle a liter that
moment two liters
nico dale I hear good this to me not me
surprised because someone yesterday warned me
He told me that they had up to certain
telephone taps of a leader
official to substitute vocal that was going to
hang a flag today because because the
book denounces many important things
this management that is insisting of the
worse than the river has had to suffer
Flag seems they are so like saying it so
green that appears in the sector where
is the flag of daniel passarella
2013 the stadium is huge giant the
they put in the middle of a grouping that
a banking gateway known as narco
new River Plate space and the other
side the flag that says move to 2013
in the middle was that cowardly flag
that nobody signs but that I know who the
put and I know that also catwalk accepted and
gave the ok and when the acquisition already
take
friend of mine swollen to say it of a
characterized way that aware of
they went to get it out they found
the answer that that flag had
order not to take it out to see if a
vice president and a secretary with the
power they have can not get a
good flag he prefers to say that
it was to the order of much higher
then as luckily I am very
quiet with me he never receives a
coin absolutely no one is a boss
milk is a flag surely
worried about the things that I know about the
things that I count for the things that
denounced for the things I say in that
book that luckily people are
buying and reading it and believe
I say
that is a flag that until they want
they do me a favor you know why because
that flag marks a journalist who does not
is complicit in the worst management of the
history of river that flag documents
documents tomorrow when it is
from left I do not know what there was a
journalist who criticized them that the
investigated and who reported them so to
vocal voice substitute amateur soccer
pimp organizer of events that does not
is going to nobody I thank you very much because I
you just took off from the worst management of
the river story thanks to that
flag
people know that I am not an accomplice of
these four years that he will command above
the time it happened that you saw at the end
when you left the court I went down before
my labourist costume asks me to go down
before to place myself in a good place
to do but is not after then yes
I was in solitude and I find myself with
a daniel passarella missing five
minutes for the game after
they added five more so ten
minutes he ran away not walking
hurried or trotting running with a
very close adviser of last name avilés
with three security managers
presidential and with five policemen
running through the ring to the
parking grab your car and leave
of the stadium when the match had not
finished
passarella today the cowardice of
passarella that was spotted by some
partners who also insulted when I went
running to pass it escaped from the
river court or interns and it was
running and if they do not believe me and we give the
images of the camera of the ring that
see all of record everything and they will see a
red vest boy
passarella running to the
parking when the game
I still had seven or eight minutes
ran away from home to spend
of the river court in my life there was
a president running out of a
court I think this as you said
at a moment marks the end of a cycle
is already underway
the sharia in the week gave its last
Estertor gave his last attempt to pull
the last anchor and be an analogy
that has to with the river with the yachts
this anchor this is or tried to anchor
the cake and good together 4500 said with
this thinking that today maybe I was winning
river and if he won today maybe he would get
not in a race but at least I had the
chance that with the folly of the people
ready lost calls the strike of the
employees streets paralyze the club not
I bought teo gutiérrez could not use it
three dates because they did not have no they did not
they believed of mexico norman bajita
economic well increasingly destroyed
the club is good at least there is a
good news for river outside
race happens from elche I do not think it was not
of runway race and also choose
people that order the club people that
have an idea of ​​how to manage and not
invent more think about what's coming
choose serious people do you think they are
partner river thinks about what's coming
choose serious people who can take you
forward the club after whoever it is but
that is serious that you organize this
blunder that has left them a management
like aguilar and then came
more and another worse that is the catwalk
ruined tub has the club burned down
put someone who can order them
at least what management you have
true to the management facto that knows how
you get ahead in a situation like this
uses the argument that they all use
when you do an investigation or
you make a complaint they want to kill the
patota the patota the psuv a datum
many people was that scene and the
denounced the other day on the network that
they invited and gave him an entry he says no
will die but to pass and want to spend
to what we have level for not giving away a
entry for the superclassic on Sunday
do not miss